Update installing-from-pypi.rst (#57789)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-core/docs/installation/installing-from-pypi.rst

    As of Airflow 3.1, constraint files do not contain developer dependencies such as pytest, moto and
    other development dependencies that are only used in tests.

    Some providers may not be available for a specific Python version. If you are using constraints, make sure
    that all providers, that you want to install, are present in constraints file.

>     Provider will be (silently) not installed if it is not present in constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Provider will be (silently) not installed if it is not specifically requested at installation time via extra or explicitly as package to install - even if it is specified in constraints.
```

Reviewer: This more accurately reflects the issue you encountered @ktaborski I think.

Reviewer: WDYT? @ktaborski ?

>     Provider will be (silently) not installed if it is not specifically requested at installation time via extra or explicitly as package to install - even if it is specified in constraints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Some providers may not be available for a specific Python version. If you are using constraints,
    make sure that all providers, that you want to install, are present in constraints file.
    Provider will be (silently) not installed if it is not specifically requested at installation time
    via extra or explicitly as package to install - even if it is specified in constraints.
```

    As of Airflow 3.1, constraint files do not contain developer dependencies such as pytest, moto and
    other development dependencies that are only used in tests.

    Some providers may not be available for a specific Python version. If you are using constraints,
    make sure that all providers, that you want to install, are present in constraints file.

>     Provider will be (silently) not installed if it is not specifically requested at installation time

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    Provider will be (silently) not installed if it is not specifically requested at installation time
```

Reviewer: Those should be two paragraphs - those two comments are unrelated.

    As of Airflow 3.1, constraint files do not contain developer dependencies such as pytest, moto and
    other development dependencies that are only used in tests.

>     Some providers can be not available for specific python version. If you are using constraints, make sure

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Some providers may not be available for a specific Python version. If you are using constraints, make sure
```

>     that all providers version are there. Provider will be (silently) not installed if it is not present in constraints.

Reviewer 2: What does it mean to “make sure all providers version are there?” Where is “there?” This should describe ths situation better.

Also the second sentence does not make sense. Constraints are meant to _constrain_, and a package missing from the constraint file does not lead to it being not installed. This smells like you are not using the constraint file as intended (with [`pip install -c`](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/user_guide/#constraints-files))

Author: see example:
```
airflow@bcd562b69fa4:/opt/airflow$ AIRFLOW_VERSION=3.1.1
PY_VERSION=3.13
airflow@bcd562b69fa4:/opt/airflow$ pip install apache-airflow[fab,amazon,google,pagerduty,standard,cncf-kubernetes,s3fs]==${AIRFLOW_VERSION} --constraint "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/apache/airflow/constraints-${AIRFLOW_VERSION}/constraints-${PY_VERSION}.txt"
Defaulting to user installation because normal site-packages is not writeable
Requirement already satisfied: apache-airflow==3.1.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.1.1)
Requirement already satisfied: apache-airflow-core==3.1.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.1.1)
Requirement already satisfied: apache-airflow-task-sdk>=1.1.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.1.1)
Requirement already satisfied: a2wsgi>=1.10.8 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.10.10)
Requirement already satisfied: aiosqlite>=0.20.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.21.0)
Requirement already satisfied: alembic<2.0,>=1.13.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.17.0)
Requirement already satisfied: apache-airflow-providers-common-compat>=1.7.4 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.7.4)
Requirement already satisfied: apache-airflow-providers-common-io>=1.6.3 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.6.3)
Requirement already satisfied: apache-airflow-providers-common-sql>=1.28.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.28.1)
Requirement already satisfied: apache-airflow-providers-smtp>=2.3.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.3.1)
Requirement already satisfied: apache-airflow-providers-standard>=1.9.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.9.0)
Requirement already satisfied: argcomplete>=1.10 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.6.3)
Requirement already satisfied: asgiref>=2.3.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.10.0)
Requirement already satisfied: attrs!=25.2.0,>=22.1.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (25.4.0)
Requirement already satisfied: cadwyn>=5.2.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (5.4.5)
Requirement already satisfied: colorlog>=6.8.2 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (6.10.1)
Requirement already satisfied: cron-descriptor>=1.2.24 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.0.6)
Requirement already satisfied: croniter>=2.0.2 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (6.0.0)
Requirement already satisfied: cryptography>=41.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (46.0.0)
Requirement already satisfied: deprecated>=1.2.13 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.2.18)
Requirement already satisfied: dill>=0.2.2 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.4.0)
Requirement already satisfied: fastapi<0.118.0,>=0.116.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from fastapi[standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli]<0.118.0,>=0.116.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.117.1)
Requirement already satisfied: httpx>=0.25.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.28.1)
Requirement already satisfied: importlib-metadata>=7.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (8.7.0)
Requirement already satisfied: itsdangerous>=2.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.2.0)
Requirement already satisfied: jinja2>=3.1.5 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.1.6)
Requirement already satisfied: jsonschema>=4.19.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (4.25.1)
Requirement already satisfied: lazy-object-proxy>=1.2.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.12.0)
Requirement already satisfied: libcst>=1.8.2 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.8.5)
Requirement already satisfied: linkify-it-py>=2.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.0.3)
Requirement already satisfied: lockfile>=0.12.2 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.12.2)
Requirement already satisfied: methodtools>=0.4.7 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.4.7)
Requirement already satisfied: msgspec>=0.19.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.19.0)
Requirement already satisfied: natsort>=8.4.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (8.4.0)
Requirement already satisfied: opentelemetry-api>=1.27.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.38.0)
Requirement already satisfied: opentelemetry-exporter-otlp>=1.27.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.38.0)
Requirement already satisfied: opentelemetry-proto<9999,>=1.27.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.38.0)
Requirement already satisfied: packaging>=25.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (25.0)
Requirement already satisfied: pathspec>=0.9.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.12.1)
Requirement already satisfied: pendulum>=3.1.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.1.0)
Requirement already satisfied: pluggy>=1.5.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.6.0)
Requirement already satisfied: psutil>=5.8.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (7.1.1)
Requirement already satisfied: pydantic>=2.11.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.12.3)
Requirement already satisfied: pygments!=2.19.0,>=2.0.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.19.2)
Requirement already satisfied: pygtrie>=2.5.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.5.0)
Requirement already satisfied: pyjwt>=2.10.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.10.1)
Requirement already satisfied: python-daemon>=3.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.1.2)
Requirement already satisfied: python-dateutil>=2.7.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.9.0.post0)
Requirement already satisfied: python-slugify>=5.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (8.0.4)
Requirement already satisfied: requests<3,>=2.32.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.32.5)
Requirement already satisfied: rich-argparse>=1.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.7.1)
Requirement already satisfied: rich>=13.6.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (14.2.0)
Requirement already satisfied: setproctitle>=1.3.3 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.3.7)
Requirement already satisfied: sqlalchemy-jsonfield>=1.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.0.2)
Requirement already satisfied: sqlalchemy-utils>=0.41.2 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.42.0)
Requirement already satisfied: sqlalchemy>=1.4.49 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from sqlalchemy[asyncio]>=1.4.49->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.0.44)
Requirement already satisfied: starlette>=0.45.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.48.0)
Requirement already satisfied: structlog>=25.4.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (25.4.0)
Requirement already satisfied: svcs>=25.1.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (25.1.0)
Requirement already satisfied: tabulate>=0.9.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.9.0)
Requirement already satisfied: tenacity>=8.3.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (9.1.2)
Requirement already satisfied: termcolor>=3.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.1.0)
Requirement already satisfied: typing-extensions>=4.14.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (4.15.0)
Requirement already satisfied: universal-pathlib<0.3.0,>=0.2.6 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.2.6)
Requirement already satisfied: uuid6>=2024.7.10 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2025.0.1)
Requirement already satisfied: apache-airflow-providers-amazon>=9.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (9.15.0)
Requirement already satisfied: apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes>=9.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (10.8.2)
Requirement already satisfied: apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (18.0.0)
Collecting apache-airflow-providers-pagerduty>=3.8.1 (from apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1)
  Downloading apache_airflow_providers_pagerduty-5.0.2-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (5.3 kB)
Requirement already satisfied: Mako in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from alembic<2.0,>=1.13.1->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.3.10)
Requirement already satisfied: babel>=2.17.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-task-sdk>=1.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.17.0)
Requirement already satisfied: fsspec>=2023.10.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-task-sdk>=1.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2025.9.0)
Requirement already satisfied: greenback>=1.2.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-task-sdk>=1.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.2.1)
Requirement already satisfied: retryhttp!=1.3.0,>=1.2.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-task-sdk>=1.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.3.3)
Requirement already satisfied: types-requests>=2.31.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-task-sdk>=1.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.32.4.20250913)
Requirement already satisfied: fastapi-cli>=0.0.8 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from fastapi-cli[standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli]>=0.0.8; extra == "standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli"->fastapi[standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli]<0.118.0,>=0.116.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.0.14)
Requirement already satisfied: python-multipart>=0.0.18 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from fastapi[standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli]<0.118.0,>=0.116.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.0.20)
Requirement already satisfied: email-validator>=2.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from fastapi[standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli]<0.118.0,>=0.116.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.3.0)
Requirement already satisfied: uvicorn>=0.12.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from uvicorn[standard]>=0.12.0; extra == "standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli"->fastapi[standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli]<0.118.0,>=0.116.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.38.0)
Requirement already satisfied: anyio in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from httpx>=0.25.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (4.11.0)
Requirement already satisfied: certifi in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from httpx>=0.25.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2025.10.5)
Requirement already satisfied: httpcore==1.* in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from httpx>=0.25.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.0.9)
Requirement already satisfied: idna in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from httpx>=0.25.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.11)
Requirement already satisfied: h11>=0.16 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from httpcore==1.*->httpx>=0.25.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.16.0)
Requirement already satisfied: protobuf<7.0,>=5.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from opentelemetry-proto<9999,>=1.27.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (6.33.0)
Requirement already satisfied: annotated-types>=0.6.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from pydantic>=2.11.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.7.0)
Requirement already satisfied: pydantic-core==2.41.4 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from pydantic>=2.11.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.41.4)
Requirement already satisfied: typing-inspection>=0.4.2 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from pydantic>=2.11.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.4.2)
Requirement already satisfied: charset_normalizer<4,>=2 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from requests<3,>=2.32.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.4.4)
Requirement already satisfied: urllib3<3,>=1.21.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from requests<3,>=2.32.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.5.0)
Requirement already satisfied: sniffio>=1.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from anyio->httpx>=0.25.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.3.1)
Requirement already satisfied: apache-airflow-providers-http in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-amazon>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (5.3.4)
Requirement already satisfied: boto3>=1.37.2 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-amazon>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.40.49)
Requirement already satisfied: botocore>=1.37.2 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-amazon>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.40.49)
Requirement already satisfied: inflection>=0.5.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-amazon>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.5.1)
Requirement already satisfied: watchtower<4,>=3.3.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-amazon>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.4.0)
Requirement already satisfied: jsonpath_ng>=1.5.3 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-amazon>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.7.0)
Requirement already satisfied: redshift_connector>=2.1.3 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-amazon>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.1.9)
Requirement already satisfied: PyAthena>=3.10.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-amazon>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.19.0)
Requirement already satisfied: jmespath>=0.7.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-amazon>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.10.0)
Requirement already satisfied: sagemaker-studio>=1.0.9 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-amazon>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.0.22)
Requirement already satisfied: marshmallow>=3 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-amazon>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.26.1)
Requirement already satisfied: s3transfer<0.15.0,>=0.14.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from boto3>=1.37.2->apache-airflow-providers-amazon>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.14.0)
Requirement already satisfied: six>=1.5 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from python-dateutil>=2.7.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.17.0)
Requirement already satisfied: aiofiles>=23.2.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (24.1.0)
Requirement already satisfied: kubernetes<34.0.0,>=32.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (33.1.0)
Requirement already satisfied: kubernetes_asyncio<34.0.0,>=32.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (33.3.0)
Requirement already satisfied: pyyaml>=5.4.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from kubernetes<34.0.0,>=32.0.0->apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (6.0.3)
Requirement already satisfied: google-auth>=1.0.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from kubernetes<34.0.0,>=32.0.0->apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.41.1)
Requirement already satisfied: websocket-client!=0.40.0,!=0.41.*,!=0.42.*,>=0.32.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from kubernetes<34.0.0,>=32.0.0->apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.9.0)
Requirement already satisfied: requests-oauthlib in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from kubernetes<34.0.0,>=32.0.0->apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.0.0)
Requirement already satisfied: oauthlib>=3.2.2 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from kubernetes<34.0.0,>=32.0.0->apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.3.1)
Requirement already satisfied: durationpy>=0.7 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from kubernetes<34.0.0,>=32.0.0->apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.10)
Requirement already satisfied: aiohttp<4.0.0,>=3.9.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from kubernetes_asyncio<34.0.0,>=32.0.0->apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.13.1)
Requirement already satisfied: aiohappyeyeballs>=2.5.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from aiohttp<4.0.0,>=3.9.0->kubernetes_asyncio<34.0.0,>=32.0.0->apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.6.1)
Requirement already satisfied: aiosignal>=1.4.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from aiohttp<4.0.0,>=3.9.0->kubernetes_asyncio<34.0.0,>=32.0.0->apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.4.0)
Requirement already satisfied: frozenlist>=1.1.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from aiohttp<4.0.0,>=3.9.0->kubernetes_asyncio<34.0.0,>=32.0.0->apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.8.0)
Requirement already satisfied: multidict<7.0,>=4.5 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from aiohttp<4.0.0,>=3.9.0->kubernetes_asyncio<34.0.0,>=32.0.0->apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (6.7.0)
Requirement already satisfied: propcache>=0.2.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from aiohttp<4.0.0,>=3.9.0->kubernetes_asyncio<34.0.0,>=32.0.0->apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.4.1)
Requirement already satisfied: yarl<2.0,>=1.17.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from aiohttp<4.0.0,>=3.9.0->kubernetes_asyncio<34.0.0,>=32.0.0->apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.22.0)
Requirement already satisfied: sqlparse>=0.5.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-common-sql>=1.28.1->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.5.3)
Requirement already satisfied: more-itertools>=9.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-common-sql>=1.28.1->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (10.8.0)
Requirement already satisfied: gcloud-aio-auth>=5.2.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (5.4.2)
Requirement already satisfied: gcloud-aio-bigquery>=6.1.2 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (7.1.0)
Requirement already satisfied: gcloud-aio-storage>=9.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (9.6.0)
Requirement already satisfied: gcsfs>=2023.10.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2025.9.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-ads!=28.0.0.post2,>=26.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (28.3.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-analytics-admin>=0.9.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.26.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-api-core!=2.16.0,!=2.18.0,>=2.11.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.27.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-api-python-client>=2.0.2 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.185.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-auth-httplib2>=0.0.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.2.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-aiplatform>=1.98.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.122.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-alloydb>=0.4.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.6.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-automl>=2.12.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.17.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-bigquery>=3.24.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.38.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-bigquery-datatransfer>=3.13.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.20.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-bigtable>=2.17.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.34.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-build>=3.31.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.33.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-compute>=1.10.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.40.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-container>=2.52.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.60.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-datacatalog>=3.23.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.28.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-dataflow-client>=0.8.6 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.10.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-dataform>=0.5.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.7.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-dataplex>=2.6.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.13.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-dataproc>=5.21.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (5.23.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-dataproc-metastore>=1.12.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.20.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-dlp>=3.12.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.33.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-kms>=2.15.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.7.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-language>=2.9.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.18.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-logging>=3.5.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.12.1)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-managedkafka>=0.1.6 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.2.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-memcache>=1.7.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.13.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-monitoring>=2.18.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.28.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-orchestration-airflow>=1.10.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.18.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-os-login>=2.9.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.18.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-pubsub>=2.21.3 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.31.1)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-redis>=2.12.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.19.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-secret-manager>=2.16.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.25.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-spanner>=3.50.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.59.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-speech>=2.18.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.34.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-storage>=2.9.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.19.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-storage-transfer>=1.13.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.18.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-tasks>=2.13.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.20.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-texttospeech>=2.14.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.32.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-translate>=3.16.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.22.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-videointelligence>=2.11.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.17.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-vision>=3.4.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.11.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-workflows>=1.10.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.19.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-run>=0.10.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.12.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-batch>=0.13.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.18.0)
Requirement already satisfied: grpcio-gcp>=0.2.2 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.2.2)
Requirement already satisfied: looker-sdk!=24.18.0,>=22.4.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (25.16.0)
Requirement already satisfied: pandas-gbq>=0.7.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.29.2)
Requirement already satisfied: pandas>=2.2.3 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.2.3)
Requirement already satisfied: proto-plus>=1.26.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.26.1)
Requirement already satisfied: pyarrow>=18.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (21.0.0)
Requirement already satisfied: PyOpenSSL>=23.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (25.3.0)
Requirement already satisfied: sqlalchemy-bigquery>=1.2.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.15.0)
Requirement already satisfied: sqlalchemy-spanner>=1.6.2 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.17.1)
Requirement already satisfied: immutabledict>=4.2.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (4.2.2)
Requirement already satisfied: types-protobuf!=5.29.1.20250402,>=5.27.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (6.32.1.20250918)
Collecting pagerduty>=2.3.0 (from apache-airflow-providers-pagerduty>=3.8.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1)
  Downloading pagerduty-5.2.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (578 bytes)
Requirement already satisfied: aiosmtplib>=0.1.6 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-smtp>=2.3.1->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (5.0.0)
Requirement already satisfied: pytz>2021.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from croniter>=2.0.2->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2025.2)
Requirement already satisfied: cffi>=1.14 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from cryptography>=41.0.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.17.1)
Requirement already satisfied: pycparser in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from cffi>=1.14->cryptography>=41.0.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.23)
Requirement already satisfied: wrapt<2,>=1.10 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from deprecated>=1.2.13->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.17.3)
Requirement already satisfied: dnspython>=2.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from email-validator>=2.0.0->fastapi[standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli]<0.118.0,>=0.116.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.8.0)
Requirement already satisfied: typer>=0.15.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from fastapi-cli>=0.0.8->fastapi-cli[standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli]>=0.0.8; extra == "standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli"->fastapi[standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli]<0.118.0,>=0.116.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.20.0)
Requirement already satisfied: rich-toolkit>=0.14.8 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from fastapi-cli>=0.0.8->fastapi-cli[standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli]>=0.0.8; extra == "standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli"->fastapi[standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli]<0.118.0,>=0.116.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.15.1)
Requirement already satisfied: backoff<3.0.0,>=1.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from gcloud-aio-auth>=5.2.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.2.1)
Requirement already satisfied: chardet<6.0,>=2.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from gcloud-aio-auth>=5.2.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (5.2.0)
Requirement already satisfied: pyasn1-modules<0.4.2,>=0.2.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from gcloud-aio-storage>=9.0.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.4.1)
Requirement already satisfied: rsa<5.0.0,>=3.1.4 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from gcloud-aio-storage>=9.0.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (4.9.1)
Requirement already satisfied: pyasn1<0.7.0,>=0.4.6 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from pyasn1-modules<0.4.2,>=0.2.1->gcloud-aio-storage>=9.0.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.6.1)
Requirement already satisfied: decorator>4.1.2 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from gcsfs>=2023.10.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (5.2.1)
Requirement already satisfied: google-auth-oauthlib in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from gcsfs>=2023.10.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.2.2)
Requirement already satisfied: googleapis-common-protos<2.0.0,>=1.56.3 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-ads!=28.0.0.post2,>=26.0.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.71.0)
Requirement already satisfied: grpcio<2.0.0,>=1.59.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-ads!=28.0.0.post2,>=26.0.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.76.0)
Requirement already satisfied: grpcio-status<2.0.0,>=1.59.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-ads!=28.0.0.post2,>=26.0.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.76.0)
Requirement already satisfied: cachetools<7.0,>=2.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-auth>=1.0.1->kubernetes<34.0.0,>=32.0.0->apache-airflow-providers-cncf-kubernetes>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (6.2.1)
Requirement already satisfied: httplib2<1.0.0,>=0.19.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-api-python-client>=2.0.2->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.31.0)
Requirement already satisfied: uritemplate<5,>=3.0.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-api-python-client>=2.0.2->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (4.2.0)
Requirement already satisfied: pyparsing<4,>=3.0.4 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from httplib2<1.0.0,>=0.19.0->google-api-python-client>=2.0.2->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.2.5)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-resource-manager<3.0.0,>=1.3.3 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-cloud-aiplatform>=1.98.0->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.15.0)
Requirement already satisfied: shapely<3.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-cloud-aiplatform>=1.98.0->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.1.2)
Requirement already satisfied: google-genai<2.0.0,>=1.37.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-cloud-aiplatform>=1.98.0->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.46.0)
Requirement already satisfied: docstring_parser<1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-cloud-aiplatform>=1.98.0->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.17.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-core<3.0.0,>=2.4.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-cloud-bigquery>=3.24.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.4.3)
Requirement already satisfied: google-resumable-media<3.0.0,>=2.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-cloud-bigquery>=3.24.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.7.2)
Requirement already satisfied: grpc-google-iam-v1<1.0.0,>=0.14.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-cloud-resource-manager<3.0.0,>=1.3.3->google-cloud-aiplatform>=1.98.0->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.14.3)
Requirement already satisfied: google-crc32c<2.0dev,>=1.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-cloud-storage>=2.9.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.7.1)
Requirement already satisfied: websockets<15.1.0,>=13.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-genai<2.0.0,>=1.37.0->google-cloud-aiplatform>=1.98.0->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (15.0.1)
Requirement already satisfied: numpy>=1.21 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from shapely<3.0.0->google-cloud-aiplatform>=1.98.0->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.3.4)
Requirement already satisfied: tqdm>=4.23.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (4.67.1)
Requirement already satisfied: scikit-learn in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.7.2)
Requirement already satisfied: ruamel.yaml in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.18.16)
Requirement already satisfied: litellm<=1.76.3,>=1.72.4 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.76.3)
Requirement already satisfied: click in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from litellm<=1.76.3,>=1.72.4->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (8.2.1)
Requirement already satisfied: fastuuid>=0.12.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from litellm<=1.76.3,>=1.72.4->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.14.0)
Requirement already satisfied: openai>=1.99.5 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from litellm<=1.76.3,>=1.72.4->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.6.0)
Requirement already satisfied: python-dotenv>=0.2.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from litellm<=1.76.3,>=1.72.4->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.1.1)
Requirement already satisfied: tiktoken>=0.7.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from litellm<=1.76.3,>=1.72.4->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.12.0)
Requirement already satisfied: tokenizers in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from litellm<=1.76.3,>=1.72.4->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.22.1)
Requirement already satisfied: MarkupSafe>=2.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from jinja2>=3.1.5->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.0.3)
Requirement already satisfied: jsonschema-specifications>=2023.03.6 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from jsonschema>=4.19.1->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2025.9.1)
Requirement already satisfied: referencing>=0.28.4 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from jsonschema>=4.19.1->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.37.0)
Requirement already satisfied: rpds-py>=0.7.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from jsonschema>=4.19.1->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.28.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-appengine-logging<2.0.0,>=0.1.3 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-cloud-logging>=3.5.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.7.0)
Requirement already satisfied: google-cloud-audit-log<1.0.0,>=0.3.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-cloud-logging>=3.5.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.4.0)
Requirement already satisfied: opentelemetry-sdk>=1.27.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-cloud-pubsub>=2.21.3->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.38.0)
Requirement already satisfied: grpc-interceptor>=0.15.4 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from google-cloud-spanner>=3.50.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.15.4)
Requirement already satisfied: greenlet!=0.4.17 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from greenback>=1.2.1->apache-airflow-task-sdk>=1.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.2.4)
Requirement already satisfied: outcome in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from greenback>=1.2.1->apache-airflow-task-sdk>=1.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.3.0.post0)
Requirement already satisfied: zipp>=3.20 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from importlib-metadata>=7.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.23.0)
Requirement already satisfied: ply in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from jsonpath_ng>=1.5.3->apache-airflow-providers-amazon>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.11)
Requirement already satisfied: pyyaml-ft>=8.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from libcst>=1.8.2->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (8.0.0)
Requirement already satisfied: uc-micro-py in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from linkify-it-py>=2.0.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.0.3)
Requirement already satisfied: cattrs>=1.3 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from looker-sdk!=24.18.0,>=22.4.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (25.3.0)
Requirement already satisfied: wirerope>=0.4.7 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from methodtools>=0.4.7->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.0.0)
Requirement already satisfied: distro<2,>=1.7.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from openai>=1.99.5->litellm<=1.76.3,>=1.72.4->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.9.0)
Requirement already satisfied: jiter<1,>=0.10.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from openai>=1.99.5->litellm<=1.76.3,>=1.72.4->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.11.1)
Requirement already satisfied: opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc==1.38.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from opentelemetry-exporter-otlp>=1.27.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.38.0)
Requirement already satisfied: opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-http==1.38.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from opentelemetry-exporter-otlp>=1.27.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.38.0)
Requirement already satisfied: opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common==1.38.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc==1.38.0->opentelemetry-exporter-otlp>=1.27.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.38.0)
Requirement already satisfied: opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.59b0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from opentelemetry-sdk>=1.27.0->google-cloud-pubsub>=2.21.3->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.59b0)
Requirement already satisfied: tzdata>=2022.7 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from pandas>=2.2.3->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2025.2)
Requirement already satisfied: setuptools in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from pandas-gbq>=0.7.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (80.9.0)
Requirement already satisfied: db-dtypes<2.0.0,>=1.0.4 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from pandas-gbq>=0.7.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.4.3)
Requirement already satisfied: pydata-google-auth>=1.5.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from pandas-gbq>=0.7.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.9.1)
Requirement already satisfied: text-unidecode>=1.3 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from python-slugify>=5.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.3)
Requirement already satisfied: scramp<1.5.0,>=1.2.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from redshift_connector>=2.1.3->apache-airflow-providers-amazon>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.4.6)
Requirement already satisfied: beautifulsoup4<5.0.0,>=4.7.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from redshift_connector>=2.1.3->apache-airflow-providers-amazon>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (4.14.2)
Requirement already satisfied: lxml<6.0.0,>=4.6.5 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from redshift_connector>=2.1.3->apache-airflow-providers-amazon>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (5.4.0)
Requirement already satisfied: soupsieve>1.2 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from beautifulsoup4<5.0.0,>=4.7.0->redshift_connector>=2.1.3->apache-airflow-providers-amazon>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.8)
Requirement already satisfied: asn1crypto>=1.5.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from scramp<1.5.0,>=1.2.0->redshift_connector>=2.1.3->apache-airflow-providers-amazon>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.5.1)
Requirement already satisfied: markdown-it-py>=2.2.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from rich>=13.6.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (4.0.0)
Requirement already satisfied: mdurl~=0.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from markdown-it-py>=2.2.0->rich>=13.6.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.1.2)
Requirement already satisfied: regex>=2022.1.18 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from tiktoken>=0.7.0->litellm<=1.76.3,>=1.72.4->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2025.10.23)
Requirement already satisfied: shellingham>=1.3.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from typer>=0.15.1->fastapi-cli>=0.0.8->fastapi-cli[standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli]>=0.0.8; extra == "standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli"->fastapi[standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli]<0.118.0,>=0.116.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.5.4)
Requirement already satisfied: httptools>=0.6.3 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from uvicorn[standard]>=0.12.0; extra == "standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli"->fastapi[standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli]<0.118.0,>=0.116.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.7.1)
Requirement already satisfied: uvloop>=0.15.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from uvicorn[standard]>=0.12.0; extra == "standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli"->fastapi[standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli]<0.118.0,>=0.116.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.22.1)
Requirement already satisfied: watchfiles>=0.13 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from uvicorn[standard]>=0.12.0; extra == "standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli"->fastapi[standard-no-fastapi-cloud-cli]<0.118.0,>=0.116.0->apache-airflow-core==3.1.1->apache-airflow==3.1.1->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.1.1)
Collecting s3fs>=2023.10.0 (from apache-airflow-providers-amazon[s3fs]; extra == "s3fs"->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1)
  Downloading s3fs-2025.9.0-py3-none-any.whl.metadata (1.4 kB)
Requirement already satisfied: aiobotocore<3.0.0,>=2.5.4 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from s3fs>=2023.10.0->apache-airflow-providers-amazon[s3fs]; extra == "s3fs"->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (2.25.0)
Requirement already satisfied: aioitertools<1.0.0,>=0.5.1 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from aiobotocore<3.0.0,>=2.5.4->s3fs>=2023.10.0->apache-airflow-providers-amazon[s3fs]; extra == "s3fs"->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.12.0)
Requirement already satisfied: requests-toolbelt>=1.0.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from apache-airflow-providers-http->apache-airflow-providers-amazon>=9.0.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.0.0)
Requirement already satisfied: ruamel.yaml.clib>=0.2.7 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from ruamel.yaml->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.2.14)
Requirement already satisfied: scipy>=1.8.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from scikit-learn->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.16.2)
Requirement already satisfied: joblib>=1.2.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from scikit-learn->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.5.2)
Requirement already satisfied: threadpoolctl>=3.1.0 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from scikit-learn->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.6.0)
Requirement already satisfied: huggingface-hub<2.0,>=0.16.4 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from tokenizers->litellm<=1.76.3,>=1.72.4->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (0.36.0)
Requirement already satisfied: filelock in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from huggingface-hub<2.0,>=0.16.4->tokenizers->litellm<=1.76.3,>=1.72.4->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (3.20.0)
Requirement already satisfied: hf-xet<2.0.0,>=1.1.3 in /home/airflow/.local/lib/python3.13/site-packages (from huggingface-hub<2.0,>=0.16.4->tokenizers->litellm<=1.76.3,>=1.72.4->google-cloud-aiplatform[evaluation]>=1.98.0->apache-airflow-providers-google>=10.24.0->apache-airflow[amazon,cncf-kubernetes,fab,google,pagerduty,s3fs,standard]==3.1.1) (1.1.10)
Downloading apache_airflow_providers_pagerduty-5.0.2-py3-none-any.whl (18 kB)
Downloading pagerduty-5.2.0-py3-none-any.whl (54 kB)
Downloading s3fs-2025.9.0-py3-none-any.whl (30 kB)
Installing collected packages: pagerduty, s3fs, apache-airflow-providers-pagerduty
Successfully installed apache-airflow-providers-pagerduty-5.0.2 pagerduty-5.2.0 s3fs-2025.9.0
airflow@bcd562b69fa4:/opt/airflow$ pip freeze | grep fab
```
